War, What is it Good For? Absolutely Nothing or is It a Blessing ?
This writing, as many of my social communications, I introduce a seed for thought. 
If you have lost a loved one to war, that is easy to answer. It is a curse. 
When looking at war as a world wide social unit and not from a personal point of view the answer is not so clear cut. 
Just as sweet and sour makes for a tasty dish perhaps war and peace satisfies the taste of the world.
This article was inspired by a question that came to mind this morning. 
I was wondering how many people have been born throughout the existence of man. 
To research this I read articles from Population Reference Bureau (dated 2011). 
Also there was a good source of information in the Wikipedia Org that discussed World population. 
It reffered to Population Reference Bureau. To me that added credibility to their numbers of about 107,000,000,000 people have been born. 
About which about 6% are alive today. That shows what an astounding increase in population we are experiencing. 
If you have interest in this topic of world population and it's growth rate. 
If you have interest in the world population Our World in Data Org is a 'must see' website.
I looked at a few other sites that left me with the conclusion, 
that probably about 107,000,000, give or take a couple billion was a reasonable guess. That most site agreed upon. 
So I think as a normal process of thinking I started wondering how many people would exist if there was no war. 
When I looked THAT information varied dramatically. From less to about 4 billion more than the current population. 
The reasoning, that it would be less, was very understandable. I truly believe less, upon close consideration of the following facts. 
My thoughts begin to drift from population to war and the song "WAR WHAT IS IT GOOD FOR" came to mind as I read on. 
Does war serve a necessary purpose in the development of civilization? It is a requirement to be 'civilized' ? 
I always thought of war as the most uncivilized nature of man. Am I wrong? War is a mother of invention:
Some Food for Thought Economic stimulation, industries flourish with war. 
They have came forth with with a myriad of manufacturing techniques for more efficient means of productions.
Because of war there has been extensive technological development due to warfare efforts. War intensifies research and development. 
These accomplishments continue to benefit civilians long after the war is over. War's effect on medicine is astronomical. 
The advances range from prevention and cures for disease to repair and restoration from grievous injury to rehabilitation techniques. 
The ability to deal with trauma to the creation of prosthetics and of rehabilitation must credit a response to the treatments of war injury. 
If cancer was caused by war it probably would have been cured already. Wars encourage extensive research and development, 
leading to technological progress. Not only in the machines of war, but protective clothing, food preservation, fast immediate medical response, and communications.
Darwinian evolution states the strong survive. War thins weakness and ineptitude. our civilization now is the result of the strong surviving. 
We are descendants of the clans, groups and countries full people that grouped together and grew strong in order to to win a war.
War has freed oppressed people. This I say with great trepidation, but training for war and war has long been a means of a young man 
top prove his way to manhood. It builds character and self confidence not only for an individual but for a nation. It brings forth pride and 
nationalist unity. I read on-line, "War and trade have created our society, taking one out cripples humanity." I must agree.
THE BENEFITS OF WAR. By Rear-Admiral S. B. Luce, United States Navy (1891). War is one of the great agencies by which human progress is effected.
Scourge though it be, and much as its practice is to be deplored, we must still recognize war as the operation of the economic laws of nature 
for the government of the human family. It stimulates national growth, solves otherwise insoluble problems of domestic and political economy, 
it purges a nation of its humors. According to an ancient proverb, Purgamenta hujus mundi sunt tria, pestis, helium, etfrateria.
War is the malady of nations ; the disease is terrible while it lasts, but purifying in its results. It tries a nation and chastens it, 
as sickness or adversity tries and chastens the individual. There is a wisdom that comes only of suffering, whether to the family or to the 
aggregation of families — the nation. Man is perfected through suffering.
Concrete Spider Coffins Finding Concrete Spider Coffins as a Kid. My father was a contractor so any of the personal construction projects 
he undertook were done by he and I, or with his crew. He was building a garage to work on his construction equipment so it was quite large. 
He to of course start with the concrete floor a project that took about three days with a small motorized concrete mixer. During that time 
when will using the motorized cement mixer There were times when they were little pools of concrete that have run from the machine down on 
the ground I had noticed that the little mud dauber and a wasp That makes a mud nest Or sometimes down in the cement Gathering up the 
cement just as they would Gathering mud and taking off To build a little mud dauber nests in places where they laid their larvae Now how a mud dauber 
lives or how it reads Is it lays eggs inside of a mud Housing. What they do when they catch spiders and they sting them and paralyzing 
Then they take the spiders put them inside Of the mud columns they make And lay their eggs on the spiders When the colonists feel 
The chamber is sealed When do mud daubers reached a level of maturity That they can crawl out of the Mudhouse Or the mud Nursery What happened when they 
use the country as they made concrete coffins for the spiders and for their eggs I have noticed this and next spring when I looked at some of the 
houses inside the garage Many of them had been open with that Larva development broke out and washed away However there were many that were made 
out of concrete That were never opened I took some of them and I broke up and realize that these were concrete coffins They were still filled with 
a paralyzed spidersFor some reason the eggs didn't hatch And the spiders had been encased inside of the concrete coffinsParalyzed unable to move 
forever. Now I am using my text to speech editor on This is speech to text So what doesn't make any sense will have to be cleaned up 
But basically that is the story of the spiders and I concrete coffins. 
Happy Birthday to Me - 68 years alive. Well, today I turned 69. Honestly hard to believe. 
My room mate and I purchased life insurance on each other at twenty five years old. We made each other beneficiaries. 
We were both sure we would never make it past the next year. We were into some bad stuff and we're lucky to get out of the drug scene. 
Life is so strange and varies so much. The only thing consistent is change. I love life and honestly would not go back and change a thing. 
I realize the slightest change might result in today being another outcome. Today, life is good. I had a dream. 
Some 'power that be' offered me a chance to go back and be twenty one again. In my dream, I freaked. I said, No, No once is enough. 
I was so scared I had to do it over again. I love my life, but damn, once us enough.

 