Linux for the Masses "My Own Ubuntu Linux Notes" Introduction I have an astounding love for computers, 
hardware and software, programming languages and the Internet. I am a computer geek and not a writer. 
That being said, you must be wondering why in the world is this Dude writing an E-book then. 
Because I hope I can pass on some bits and bytes of information to assist you in your computing endeavors. 
If you're young, I hope to spur your interest and be an inspiration for you to develop your computer skills. 
You are bound to think if that old Dude can do it, I certainly can. 
If you are older this may not lead you into a new career, but might keep you off the streets, out of the dance halls and keep your mind sharp.
A million years ago, I was a hard core DOS Dude. I remember saying, Windows 3. 1, who needs them. 
I often said, with the vehemence of a spoiled maid, " I don't do windows. " I loved the working from a command line. 
That of course changed, but with every operating system I hung onto the one I was currently using, 
shirking any mention of the 'next generation' of operating systems. I had tried Linux in it's youth. 
Back when a power failure meant a reinstall because of the improper shut down. I also fooled a bit with Mac's, 
but was a Windows was followed up to the death and abandonment of Windows XP. Then I decided to give serious interest to Ubuntu Linux. 
Funny how things cycle. Although Linux does not require it, I am back to doing much of my work from a command line again. 
I want to reiterate the line above 'Although Linux does not require it'. I am repeating that because the idea of working in a command 
line freaks a lot of people out. I don't want anyone running to high ground before they even get their feet wet.
In my mind, I compare Windows and Linux to Brand New Car and an Old Pickup Truck. If you buy a brand new car it will be expensive but 
needs absolutely no tinkering in fact you must keep it 'updated' to maintain your warranty. Pop in and drive leave the tuning to professional mechanics. 
I was always the old pickup truck kind of guy. I loved tinkering in the garage examining, modifying, tuning it up. 
Plus it was cheap, if I dinged it playing around, Oh Well ! Yep That is Linux to me. I am retired and live in the Philippines. 
I took the picture on the cover where a friend built a Bamboo Nipa Hut. 
I was in the Philippines when Microsoft decided to abandon it's devoted Windows XP users. 
This is a poor country, and most of the people that have computers could not afford to purchase an upgrade. 
This has been added for me to watch the [ LinuxStuff. txt ] file dynamically change in my terminal using [ tail -f LinuxStuff. txt ]
Microsoft's abandonment of Window XP users. I was in the Philippines when Microsoft decided to abandon it's Windows XP users. 
This is a poor country, and most of the people that have computers could not afford to purchase an upgrade. 
If they could, quite often their hardware could not handle the requirements demanded by the new operating system. 
Those couldn't still had low cost Internet Cafes available. OPP ! Almost all the cafes were also running Windows XP. 
I saw a multi-billion dollar company that expected a person that makes $75 to $150 a month to buy a new operation system 
and put it on grossly under powered computer. 
I saw with my eyes, struggling government offices booting up to Windows XP way past its "abandonment". 
I also saw many medical practices unable to computerize because of cost. 
I saw a county just getting introduced to the computer revolution, abandoned and stifled in its progress. 
That was the bases of my decision to end my bond with Windows and decided to learn and promote Linux. 
So with all that bad karma out of the way. Let"s talk Linux . 
Talk Talk I love it I am 100% Linux and surprisingly do not miss Windows. 
The Jet Engine and catching the garage on fire.
I was about 15 years old and had been to a science fair. One of the favorite exhibits was a home made jet engine. 
I was excited at the thought of the small engine at the science fair was very impressive and drew quite the crowd. 
I remember thinking on the way home, "I can build that jet engine". 
Now as I look back it was no real jet engine in the sense of turbines and moving parts. 
At the time it was a jet engine to me and something I could build at home.
It was a week-end, no school, and upon I immediately upon my arrival home I got to work gathering the parts. 
A large long tubular structure for the ignition and expansion chamber. 
Air Horns there were a large set of air horns in the garage just gathering dust. 
For an igniter I could use a spark plug, and a car regulator turned into a buzzer to pulse the electricity from a battery.
Then hook it to an ignition coil. Now I have a constant arching spark plug. Have you ever seen a hand pump insect sprayer. 
Basically it blows air over a tube in liquid the liquid gets sucked up and blown out. Like an airbrush, airbrush might be a better example. 
Now do that with gasoline inside the air-horn with a spark-plug igniter and you have a jet engine. The air supply, the air compressor. 
I put all the pieces together. The Test; I secured the 'jet engine' in a vice on the work bench. The compressor valve was across the bench. 
The wall was concrete and about ten feet away from the engine. The engine at school blew a blue flame about a foot long. 
I had plenty of room. The compressor had pressure. I flipped on the igniter,I could hear the spark plug arching. 
Then reached over the engine and turned on the air-valve to blow the gas over the spark plug. ROAR !! It worked BIG TIME it worked. 
So loud and efficient it worked, it scared me half to death. NO one foot flame like school. 
It was more like 2 foot of blue flame and three or four yellow flames. The yellow flames went upwards towards the ceiling. 
I freaked. I had to reach over the engine, which by now was red hot, to turn off the air pressure. 
Scared to get that close to it I used a crowbar and flipped the air off. It did not stop. 
It had built enough suction from the exhaust to continue sucking gas up. Now what OMG ! 
I was afraid to cut the gas because maybe the fire would back down the tube to the gas can. Cut power to the the spark plug. 
Didn't work. The tube was red hot self ignited now it did not even need the spark plug. The ceiling was turning black. 
I was in BIG big trouble. No other choice, yank the gas can away and run. That is what I did almost immediately the engine stopped. 
The Great Bikini Motorcycle Accident. I was on my way to look at a van. 
I had a motorcycle and thought how neat it would be to have a van to transport my bike and sleep. 
I loved to travel around the state and this could add a bit more distance without having the added expense of finding lodging. 
My friend and I, both on motorcycles, went together to see the van I had found in the paper. 
We were cruising down the road looking around and trying to find the street mentioned in the ad. 