How to Compile a Program from a Download Open a terminal window. The terminal window may be opened by holding down the control and alt keys
 and while they are still pressed, push the letter Use the command cdto navigate to the directory ( folder ) where the download was directed. 
This is usually /home/user/Downloads. If a README file was included with with instructions, use that instead. 
Extract the files with one of the commands If it is a tar. gztar xvzf MYPACKAGE. tar. gz if it is a tar. bz2tar xvjf MYPACKAGE. tar. bz2 
Find the configure file and enter. /configure the . / will execute the file called configure. 
If permission error is indicated, the file's permissions must be made executable. 
Executing chmod command with the following perameters will permit the file to be executed. Enter sudo chmod a+x configure Then enter . /configure again. 
Then make the install files by entering make Followed by entering sudo make install Downloading a Package from Synaptic Package Manager 
Sources or the Software-Center. If you install a package via the software sources and not downloading the package on your own, you will 
get new updates to that package and install them via the Update Manager. You could just install MYPACKAGE by typing in a terminal: 
sudo apt-get install MYPACKAGE If using the software-center and search for MYPACKAGE. If required package located follow the instructions. 
Always read the More Info . Often times the package you desire will have dependencys that extend its basic abilities. 
Terminal and Software-Center installs are, as you see, much easier and Terminal and software-center packages rarely have installation or 
compatability issues. Online Repository Resources This must begin with a brief explanation of repositories. These are on-line resources. 
They are provide and updated in an on-line storage system. Non-sanctioned repositories must be reviewed and evaluated by you. 
You must evaluate the credibility and security of the source. That is really quite easy using proper on-line search inquiries. 
Once the decision is made, enter the repository information as provided by the resource, in the terminal. The computer will download an index 
of the files available. Sometimes these indexes are quite large and many of the programs available are of no use to you. sudo apt-get update 
udates the index of files, it does not install them. It takes the sudo apt-get install to actually install the programs on your computer. 
Enter the command sudo apt-get update That command will update all the information on all the repositories available. sudo apt-get upgrade 
will upgrade any files or packages that have upgrades available. It will show you any upgrades and you must reply with a y to permit the download. 
Packages and upgrades are installed through the terminal the same as mentioned above sudo apt-get MYPACKAGE. 
The difference being, now the resources of the newly added repository are available.
The Site is a Combination Web-Site and Android App. http://epistlerblogs.com/blogblocks/SALTMAN/
To anyone that may be reading this. The SALTMAN Android App and Website are my creation, however, I am still learning to use them effectively 
The Website is expanding in it's abilities. Behind the scenes, It can capture and store URLS in a database. 
It can display the as retrieved data or convert them into HTML Web-pages. It automatically backs itself up and it's database on Google Drive.
Some seemingly small things were problems. Apostrophes for example. Out of the box, apostrophes have no place in a database. 
In the beginning using apostrophes was not possible. Now I can use words that use an apostrophe such as can't and won't. 
To me that makes it very effective. I'm not the best typer in the world so the abilities to speak and post on-line is very new to me. 
I also do not baby my environment for input. For example right now I have two fans blowing on me and I'm watching a movie. 
I am in the Philippines, fans are a necessity. As I said I use voice to make my entries with the fans it is a pain.
I do my entries and by nature the voice recognition puts a period, when I say period, but no space after it. 
I had to make an auto-space after a period when using voice. 
Using voice is humorous at times I talk to myself just a little bit and it also is being recorded.
Making the website totally responsive so I could use the app on my phone or tablet was a bit of a challenge.
Small but very important to have all controls easily accessible. My Administration area is neat lots of programmer toys there. 
This has been fun, but a long project. JavaScript to break the boredom I make something move on the screen
This set designed to start with a button click, HOWEVER, it is 'duck soup easy' ( that means very easy ) to make it start to move 
when the page is loaded. Just use: window. onload = function start { slidit(); } slidit() being the function I would auto-start. 
My project of the day. Making an upload capability for my SALTMAN site and making icons for my Ununtu Linux desktop.
What is the Purpose of Saltman? Life has been good to me. I have learned a lot of lessons in life. I just turned 69 last month. 
I have things I wish to say and share. It is a combination of thoughts and helpful hints. 
This is the location I have chosen to do that in. I have a YouTube channel with over 10,000 subscribers and 4 million views. 
That makes me think maybe I have some interesting things to say. Welcome to The Tales of the Saltman'.
How Strange Life Is Sixty Eight Years Alive. I must honestly admit I`m astounded by life now. 
I had wanted for some time to write a book about my feelings and what I think of life. 
Some postings will be fun some educational and some, I must admit, are things barely worth reminiscing about.
Somethings are not worth mentioning but, still I want to pass it on to somebody that may be interested. 
I want this to be kind of like a junk shop, there is something here for everyone. Drinking - Not For Many Years
I made a mistake in my videos joking about drinking. I have had conversations with people that though I spend my time getting drunk. 
I am happy here, do not drink excessively. I want to clearly remember every day. 
The thought of sitting back in the tropics drinking Margaritas is a 'romantic' thought. That illusion was inspired by Jimmy Buffet.
I enjoy life and I program, both which can be hindered with too much alcohol. I program and it really messes with my ability.
I have reached an age where I think it is best for to milk and juice and avoid the whiskey and beer.
I still do have an occasional shot with the guys to be social, but that is rare. The beer a day is long gone. 
ha ha ha ha HONESTLY, this second Myra walked in with two boxes of milk ha ha haha.
I do not wish to encourage people to come to the Philippines to party and get drunk. 
Not only is it bad for the American image in a place where they still look up to Americans, but because to get drunk can be dangerous. 
The Philippines just like the USA has safe and dangerous areas. With a few drinks you may find it hard to differentiate the two.
Scuba Diving Lessons I was in Florida. The land of beautiful beaches and warm water to swim in. 
I always enjoyed spending time at the beach and loved the sea creatures I could see from in the shallows and the shoreline. 
I had a few friends that scuba dived and thought what a neat way to pass some of the the week-ends. A friend of mine was a scuba instructor. 
He told me held classes on the week-ends and had a vacancy coming up in a couple weeks. 
I signed up for the lessons with the hope of getting my PADI license. I had never even touched a set of scuba tanks.
I was bubbling with excitement at the thought of actually going beyond the shore and underwater to explore the coral and creatures underwater.
I was so full of anticipation that the two weeks just creeped along. 
Finally, when the day of the first class came I was charged up and ready to go. Experimenting with a few Characters - Very UN-SALTMAN like
This may be fun for readers to try out. I got a comment on YouTube with symbols:  😃👍👌✌👊 I thought it would be fun to respond in Kind. 
I also wonder if they store in a database and can be retrieved. ℕⓛ∁∈ ⒣ᴀ ⒣ᴀ ⒣ᴀ 😃👍👌✌👊 Here is a site loaded with symbols for fun:
The link http://fsymbols. com/all/ I think I may even be able to make them LARGE and in COLOR: ℕⓛ∁∈ ⒣ᴀ ⒣ᴀ ⒣ᴀ
😃👍👌✌👊 I think I may even be able to make them LARGE and in COLOR: KEYWORDS:   symbols, asci, code
lady in red hiding - money in the military tattoo - church bully ron stoinoff Tommy Yovan The night sky event
The mountain storm I lived at a drop zone in Zephyrhills girls and nearly dying at 9 years old The bikini motorcycle accident the turkey
April Morgen Morgan Donna's Child Fear of water barium rocket bifocals and stars knock knock knocken on heavens door Virginia City
The woman whos father died before she saw him Colorado crying The exorsist movie The great employee snow jon -his mother in accident
Remembering 20 years later about putting money behind a picture in the military seeing the challenger blow up walks by the creek
bear prints forgot all my passwords my father and the angels money returned in Florida from Ohio licenses the car with the same keys and 
look as mine I entered and started


